For two decades, denial-of-service attacks have been part of the crime toolbox and will only become more common and powerful. A distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack refers to an attacker trying to make a service undeliverable through an attack. This can be achieved by preventing access to almost any facility: servers, devices, services, networks, applications, and even specific transactions in applications.
In a DoS attack, it is a system that sends malicious data or requests; a DDoS attack comes from multiple systems. Typically, these attacks work by flooding the system with data requests. This may be by sending a large number of requests to the web server to attack the page, causing the page to crash under the request; or it may be sending a large number of queries to the database, the result is that the available internet bandwidth, CPU and RAM capacity become overwhelmed, the impact may It is as small as a service interruption, and as large as the entire website, application or even the entire business offline.
DDoS attacks look like many non-malicious things that can cause usability problems-such as server or system downtime, too many legitimate requests from legitimate users, or even a cable cut. It usually requires traffic analysis to determine what happened.
This is an event that permanently changes how to view denial of service attacks: In early 2000, Canadian high school student Michael Calce launched an attack on Yahoo. Through a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, he managed to shut down one of the leading web engines at the time. In the following week, Calce targeted and successfully destroyed other websites such as Amazon, CNN and eBay. Of course, this is not the first DDoS attack, but this series of highly public and successful attacks transforms denial-of-service attacks from novelty and little trouble to a permanent business disruptor in the minds of CISO and CIO.
Since then, DDoS attacks have become a very common threat, because they are often used to retaliate, extortion, and as a means of online activism, and even to launch cyber warfare. Over the years, DDoS attacks have also become more threatening. In the mid-1990s, an attack might include sending 150 requests per second ¡ª which is enough to destroy many systems. Now they can exceed 1000 Gbps, and the huge scale of botnets has driven this to a large extent.
In October 2016, Internet infrastructure service provider Dyn DNS (now Oracle DYN) was plagued by a wave of DNS queries for tens of millions of IP addresses. The attack carried out through the Mirai botnet reportedly infected more than 100,000 IoT devices, including IP cameras and printers. At its peak, the number of Mirai robots reached 400,000. Services including Amazon, Netflix, Reddit, Spotify, Tumblr and Twitter have all received interference.
In early 2018, a new DDoS technology began to appear. On February 28, version control hosting service GitHub suffered a massive denial-of-service attack, with 1.35 TB of traffic per second attacking this popular website. Although GitHub only went offline intermittently and successfully repelled the attack in less than 20 minutes, the scale of the attack was worrying because it exceeded the Dyn attack, which peaked at 1.2 TB per second.
Analysis of the technology that launched the attack shows that in some ways it is simpler than other attacks. Although the Dyn attack is a product of the Mirai botnet, it requires malware to infect thousands of IoT devices, but the GitHub attack utilizes a server running the Memcached memory caching system, which can return a very large data block.
Memcached is only used on protected servers running on the internal network. There is usually no security mechanism to prevent malicious attackers from spoofing IP addresses and sending large amounts of data to unsuspecting victims. Unfortunately, thousands of Memcached servers are on the open Internet, and their usage in DDoS attacks has also surged. It is unfair to say that the server has been "hijacked" because they will happily send packets without asking any questions.
A few days after the GitHub attack, another Memcached-based DDoS attack attacked an American service provider with 1.7 TB of data per second.
The importance of the Mirai botnet is that unlike most DDoS attacks, it uses vulnerable IoT devices instead of PCs and servers. According to BI Intelligence, by 2020 it is believed that there will be 34 billion Internet-connected devices, and most (24 billion) are Internet of Things devices, which is particularly terrible.
Unfortunately, Mirai will not be the last botnet to use IOT. A survey of Akamai, Cloudflare, Flashpoint, Google, risk, and Cymru security teams found a botnet of similar size, called WireX, consisting of 100,000 Android devices under attack in 100 countries. A series of large-scale DDoS attacks against content providers and content delivery networks have prompted investigations
